Overview:
This project is aimed at Hotel Booking management System.This is an integrated System that contains 3 components user,hotel Employee,
Admin.Admin,Hotel Employee and user can  access the system only though login credentials.Each Hotel is associated with a hotel employee.
This system is robust and is  a optimized version of the existing hotel booking system.Admin  have access to entire details of the system and has
ability to change any detail of the hotels and rooms.User can browse hotels and book rooms.Hotel Employee allocates room to the user based on booking_id 
and can disable/enable any room on his/her associated hotel.


functionalities of the Hotel employee:


1.Allocate room based on booking_id:
When a user books a room/rooms, booking_id is generated for that transaction.A user must give that booking_id to hotel Employee
when he/she checks in to the hotel.Then the hotel Employee checks for the available rooms based on booking dates ,type of the room
which were extracted based on booking_id.From the available rooms,hotel Employee assings a room to user and subsequently 
the row in booking table gets updated with room_id.



2.Book a room(Offline):
A hotel Employee can book a room  in offline  too.He checks the availability of rooms based on the customer's booking dates
and books rooms/room. A new row gets inserted in the bookings_table  .

 3.Disable/Enable room
A hotel Employee can enable or disbale a room ,which gets refelected in the database.So  a person ,booking online also finds  a
change in the rooms' list.The availibilty column gets updated whenever hotel employee changes the room status.

4.View the Status of rooms:
Hotel Employee can  view the status of each room in his/her hotel date wise.
Data is retrieved based from the booking_table and is displayed on the UI page.

5.View Transactions:
A hotel Employee can view  all the transactions of associated hotel.
The data  is retrieved from bookings_hotel.

				



